Fixed TexturedParallelepiped proto (#2364)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2020.md

  - Enhancements
    - Added support for Python 3.9 ([#2318](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2079)).
  - Bug fixes

>     - **Fixed cube, compact and flat texture mappings of [TexturedParallelepiped](object-geometries.md#texturedparallelepiped) proto** ([#2364](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2364)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Fixed cube, compact and flat texture mappings of [TexturedParallelepiped](../guide/object-geometries.md#texturedparallelepiped) proto** ([#2364](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2364)).
```
Sorry for this.

>     - **Fixed cube, compact and flat texture mappings of [TexturedParallelepiped](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/object-geometries#texturedparallelepiped) proto** ([#2364](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2364)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Fixed cube, compact and flat texture mappings of [TexturedParallelepiped](object-geometries.md#texturedparallelepiped) proto** ([#2364](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2364)).
```
